Polly is the opposite of transcribe.
You turn text into speech using deep learning.
This allows you to create applications that will talk.
For example, it says, "Hello, my name is Stephane
and this is a demo of Amazon Polly."
And then, with Polly, it would generate an audio
which I can play right here.
Hi, my name is Stephane
and this is a demo of Amazon Polly.
I think I'm better at speaking than that,
but (chuckles) this gives you a good demo, right?
And you can play with it on the console.
So let's go into the Amazon Polly console and try Polly.
And we can say, "Hi, my name is Stephane.
I love AWS courses,
and I love machine learning."
Okay. And then, you would just press listen.
Hi, my name is Stephane.
I love at AWS courses, and I love machine learning.
Pretty cool, right?
And if you wanted to have a more robot sounding voice,
you would use a standard engine.
Hi, my name is Stephane.
I love AWS courses, and I love machine learning.
And that's it. That's Polly.